README.md, before:

<p align = "left">
  <strong> <img src = "images\br.png" width = 2.0% height = 2.0% > Visualize meu perfil em português: </strong>
<br>
  <a href = "https://github.com/HalissonPiov/HalissonPiov/blob/main/readme-ptbr.md">
    <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Português-Clique%20aqui-white.svg" alt = "portuguese" /> 
  </a>
</p>

<br>

## ✌🏻Hello, my name is Hálisson and...

- 🎓 I'm a student on the **information systems** course, at the [**Federal University of Ouro Preto - MG**](https://ufop.br/)

- 🧑🏻‍💻 My focus is **back-end** development, primarily in the **Java ecosystem**. I've also **studied** and gained **experience** with other technologies, such as **JavaScript** and **React**, for **full-stack development**.

- 🌎 I actively seek to improve my skills through a **study routine**. Currently, I do this through **college**, **personal projects**, and **additional courses**, which allow me to delve deeper into technologies I already master and explore new tools in demand in the market.
<br>

##
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,html,css,c,nodejs,react,java,spring,python)](https://skillicons.dev)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-three-eta-8e3iyzhdf8.vercel.app/api?username=HalissonPiov&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&hide=issues"
    valign="top" />
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-three-eta-8e3iyzhdf8.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=halissonpiov&layout=compact&langs_count=6&hide=html,css&theme=transparent&hide_border=true"/>
</div>

## 📬 Contact

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:halissonsilveirapiovezana@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/halissonpiovezana/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/halissonpiovezana/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Instagram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README.md for improved clarity
Updated personal introduction and skills section for clarity and detail.

README.md, after:

<p align = "left">
  <strong> <img src = "images\br.png" width = 2.0% height = 2.0% > Visualize meu perfil em português: </strong>
<br>
  <a href = "https://github.com/HalissonPiov/HalissonPiov/blob/main/readme-ptbr.md">
    <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Português-Clique%20aqui-white.svg" alt = "portuguese" /> 
  </a>
</p>

<br>

## ✌🏻Hello, my name is Hálisson and...

- 🎓 I'm a student on the **information systems** course, at the [**Federal University of Ouro Preto - MG**](https://ufop.br/)

- 🧑🏻‍💻 My focus is on back-end development, mainly in the Java, Python, and Node.js ecosystem. In parallel, I am expanding my training to full-stack development, studying technologies such as React and applying this knowledge.

- 🌎 I maintain a continuous learning routine, balancing university studies, personal projects, professional experiences, and supplementary courses, seeking to deepen my knowledge of technologies I already have and explore new tools relevant to the market, as well as concepts and best practices in software engineering.
<br>

##
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,html,css,c,nodejs,react,java,spring,python)](https://skillicons.dev)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-three-eta-8e3iyzhdf8.vercel.app/api?username=HalissonPiov&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&hide=issues"
    valign="top" />
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-three-eta-8e3iyzhdf8.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=halissonpiov&layout=compact&langs_count=6&hide=html,css&theme=transparent&hide_border=true"/>
</div>

## 📬 Contact

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:halissonsilveirapiovezana@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/halissonpiovezana/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/halissonpiovezana/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Instagram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>
